ANSWERS TO MP3

1. The lines 558-568 are found in the getAvailables()
method, and are repeated verbatum in the method 
getUpdates(). This type of code smell is called duplicated
code, because it uses duplicate expressions in the same
class. To refactor this piece of code, we can use the
inline method, which involves moving the method's body
into the body of its callers, and then removing it.

3. The updateAndTrim method shouldn't necessarily be in
the Nodes class, because it is a general statement 
involving jenkins, and doesn't include any 
variable/method specific to the Nodes class. This code
smell is called feature envy, because the code "wishes"
it were in a different class. The refactoring method
best suited for this problem would be move, to place
updateAndTrim in another class.

4. To eliminate this repeated code, it should be placed
within a for loop. The variable i will be incremented
after each cycle, which will allow the method to be 
repeated without causing a code smell.

6. The repeated code I decided to refactor is in the file
HudsonTestCase.java. In the configureDefaultMaven method, 
there was duplicate code to create a Maven installation 
instance. To refactor this piece of code, I used the 
Extract Method functionality in Eclipse, and moved these
lines to a new private method.
